
Logo ASF
Apache JMeter
Current Apache event teaser

    About
        Overview
        License

    Download
        Download Releases
        Release Notes

    Documentation
        Get Started
        User Manual
        Best Practices
        Component Reference
        Functions Reference
        Properties Reference
        Change History
        Javadocs
        JMeter Wiki
        FAQ (Wiki)

    Tutorials
        Distributed Testing
        Recording Tests
        JUnit Sampler
        Access Log Sampler
        Extending JMeter

    Community
        Issue Tracking
        Security
        Mailing Lists
        Source Repositories
        Building and Contributing
        Project info at Apache
        Contributors

    Foundation
        The Apache Software Foundation (ASF)
        Get Involved in the ASF
        Sponsorship
        Thanks

    Twitter github 

Download Apache JMeter

We recommend you use a mirror to download our release builds, but you must verify the integrity of the downloaded files using signatures downloaded from our main distribution directories. Recent releases (48 hours) may not yet be available from all the mirrors.

You are currently using https://dlcdn.apache.org/. If you encounter a problem with this mirror, please select another mirror. If all mirrors are failing, there are backup mirrors (at the end of the mirrors list) that should be available.

Other mirrors:

The KEYS link links to the code signing keys used to sign the product. The PGP link downloads the OpenPGP compatible signature from our main site. The SHA-512 link downloads the sha512 checksum from the main site. Please verify the integrity of the downloaded file.

For more information concerning Apache JMeter, see the Apache JMeter site.

KEYS
Apache JMeter 5.5 (Requires Java 8+)
Binaries
apache-jmeter-5.5.tgz 	sha512 	pgp
apache-jmeter-5.5.zip 	sha512 	pgp
Source
apache-jmeter-5.5_src.tgz 	sha512 	pgp
apache-jmeter-5.5_src.zip 	sha512 	pgp
Archives

Older releases can be obtained from the archives.

    browse download area
    Apache JMeter archives…
    Apache Jakarta JMeter archives…

Verification of downloads

It is essential that you verify the integrity of the downloaded files using the PGP signature. Please read Verifying Apache Software Foundation Releases for more information on why you should verify our releases.
Share this page:

    share tweet 

Copyright © 1999 – 2022 , Apache Software Foundation
Apache, Apache JMeter, JMeter, the Apache feather, and the Apache JMeter logo are trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation.

